[Service Bus]Match the partition key with session id only when both are set (#19233)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 7.3.1 (Unreleased)

**Bug Fixes**

> * Fixed a bug when setting the `partition_key` on `ServiceBusMessage` that should ensure that the session ID has been set before checking that the value passed in is equivalent to the session ID (PR #19233, thanks @bishnu-shb).
> 

Reviewer: @swathipil , I would probably rephrase with something like:
```suggestion
* Fixed a bug on validation of setting `ServiceBusMessage.partition_key` that the value should be not validated against `session_id` of None (PR #19233, thanks @bishnu-shb).
```
